uuid: Add Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) utilities (#77884)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/misc.rst

authenticate with the Google Core IoT infrastructure.

.. doxygengroup:: jwt

Identifier APIs
***************

UUID
====

> Universally Unique Identifiers (UUID), also known as Globally Unique
> IDentifiers (GUIDs) are an open, industry standard [RFC
> 9562](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9562) 128 bits long identifiers
> intended to guarantee uniqueness across space and time.

Reviewer: You are wrapping very aggressively here (72 characters?) --- 100 is fine/better :)

Also, you can be fancy with the Sphinx `:rfc:` role. Reworded + reformatted below:

```suggestion
Universally Unique Identifiers (UUID), also known as Globally Unique IDentifiers (GUIDs), are an
open industry standard (:rfc:`9562`) for 128-bit long identifiers intended to guarantee uniqueness
across space and time.
```
